Just because you are so shameless
How to win the princess' favor
Yes, if it weren't for His Majesty's appointment
You don't even qualify for the final election
Why so shameless
speak wildly
The first round of the Linglong Princess Recruitment Conference
Reading gifts and talents
Please get ready
Princess Linglong likes to please since she was a child
And the sky is extraordinary
Mastery experience
I hope to have a young talent today
Accompany him for the rest of his life
As far as I know
Leo can't help but know the moon
This first level, you let him come out of the mobilization effect
Sister can really say
Right?
Wait a minute and see how he makes a fool of himself
They are as confident as the inevitable
The first person to invite Kyoto talents to look back on Tao Muqing
Mr. Tao
One loves to please for many years
Compose a song today
Now I am in love with Princess Linglong's appearance
This kid is really nice
What does the princess think?